’Twas the night before Christmas, when all thro’ the house,Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;The stockings were hung by the chimney with care,In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there;The children were nestled all snug in their beds,While visions of sugar plums danc’d in their heads,And Mama in her ‘kerchief, and I in my cap,Had just settled our brains for a long winter’s nap —When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter.Away to the window I flew like a flash,Tore open the shutters, and threw up the sash.The moon on the breast of the new fallen snow,Gave the lustre of mid-day to objects below;When, what to my wondering eyes should appear,But a miniature sleigh, and eight tiny rein-deer,With a little old driver, so lively and quick,I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,And he whistled, and shouted, and call’d them by name:“Now! Dasher, now! Dancer, now! Prancer, and Vixen,“On! Comet, on! Cupid, on! Dunder and Blixem;“To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall!“Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!”As dry leaves before the wild hurricane fly,When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky;So up to the house-top the coursers they flew,With the sleigh full of Toys — and St. Nicholas too:And then in a twinkling, I heard on the roofThe prancing and pawing of each little hoof.As I drew in my head, and was turning around,Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound:He was dress’d all in fur, from his head to his foot,And his clothes were all tarnish’d with ashes and soot;A bundle of toys was flung on his back,And he look’d like a peddler just opening his pack:His eyes — how they twinkled! his dimples how merry,His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry;His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow.And the beard of his chin was as white as the snow;The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth,And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath.He had a broad face, and a little round bellyThat shook when he laugh’d, like a bowl full of jelly:He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf,And I laugh’d when I saw him in spite of myself;A wink of his eye and a twist of his headSoon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work,And fill’d all the stockings; then turn’d with a jerk,And laying his finger aside of his noseAnd giving a nod, up the chimney he rose.He sprung to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,And away they all flew, like the down of a thistle:But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight —Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night.In the bleak midwinter, frosty wind made moan,Earth stood hard as iron, water like a stone;Snow had fallen, snow on snow, snow on snow,In the bleak midwinter, long ago.Our God, Heaven cannot hold Him, nor earth sustain;Heaven and earth shall flee away when He comes to reign.In the bleak midwinter a stable place sufficedThe Lord God Almighty, Jesus Christ.Enough for Him, whom cherubim, worship night and day,Breastful of milk, and a mangerful of hay;Enough for Him, whom angels fall before,The ox and ass and camel which adore.Angels and archangels may have gathered there,Cherubim and seraphim thronged the air;But His mother only, in her maiden bliss,Worshipped the beloved with a kiss.What can I give Him, poor as I am?If I were a shepherd, I would bring a lamb;If I were a Wise Man, I would do my part;Yet what I can I give Him: give my heart.Behind the black water towerunder the greyof the sky that feeds itsmoke speeds to where a pigeonspreads its wings This is no great featCold pushes out its lustWe walk we drink we castour giggling insults                            Would you pleaseleave the $2.50 you owe meI would rather not talk about itjust now           Money bores me I would liketo visit someone who will stayin bed all day           A forest is risingimperceptibly in my head                                                  not a civilized park I think it would be nice this “newmoral odor” no it would not mean“everything marching to its tomb”                                                            The water towerwatches over us            Is there someoneyou would like to invite        no one.